Hello dear friends with you game
captive and the first game is called free
historic is very high quality
cool platformer which we are now
let's see so we get to stone
century and play for some cool
character who runs to perform
different missions and most importantly
the game in Russian is true translation
A bit of some industrial but in the game
I saw a lot of humor
some rat rams which
lay snails and which we need
cut down and here flew our fly which
will always fly after us give us
advice telling what and how to do and
so on in general in this see for yourself and
so how to stay managing management
communication with the two buttons left and
to the right of using the jump button with
using the button hit with a baton but this
already seen and there is still a growl button but
for some reason it does not work yet from will
work a little later so in the bushes
hiding exceptionism
and now you see what he does and he
as all their huddle ground plow open
your how to say cry and show all your
advantages and disadvantages of the game are very
a lot of humor so this platformer
very cool besides that he possesses
good enough and good
the graphics therefore recommend it to everyone
Available at amazon appstore and
you can download from there though he is there
paid but I think I will not
promote piracy you yourself all
know what android games can be
download and not only from official
sources the second game is called
zombie jigsaw puzzles
stylized puzzle
zombie apocalypse what we need to do
we have here such playing fields
not always different and we need here in
such a perimeter surround zombies
the same characters let's say
try to do this with the help of the military
replace the military's the public that
the bank having fallen punk rebels and thereby
surrounding them we jongs destroy it
some kind of loyalty stylization
under
Country in a row something but still
the idea is very original and interesting
made the transition between levels that is
we move around the city we fall into
the following areas here here are
There are various ward prikolyukha
do not give bored and the essence of our in
to destroy all the zombies further zombies
will begin to multiply if we are too
think long and thus complicate
us a game and maybe that moment will come
when we just can't even get through
a certain mission of marks is enough
original interesting puzzle
despite the fact that she is about zombies
But about zombies, everyone is already fed up with the game, but this
stands out and causes interest therefore
I advise everyone to read it even
if you didn’t like the third one
the game is called magic defense you are defense
in which we will need not only
Tap but your own even now you are in it
make sure
really probably such a management
somewhat uncomfortable and but makes you
sweat and not get bored now you
actually see for yourself we play for
wizards and we need for it
shoot the same way we can still cause
the spell is needed like this
hold your finger and then connect
let's connect already
but despite the fact that I already played why
it will be necessary even here it will be a
since it is learning and so
it is necessary here with such svaypami
shoot all over the undead which will
step on you and thereby protect
its own fortress its tower from all
here are some of these deaths bevels
skeletons with swords and lots of others
characters who will offend you
just crazy bodies and so besides
here are the spells that are seen here
there are other spells to their
exercise is necessary just
differently hold your finger and so
let's call this menu again and
to rule
he is such a spell thanks
such a spell falls meteorite and
kills all the zombies you are exactly skeletons
who surrounded you and took you by surprise
In principle, a good defense but that's all
here and so let your sometimes
annoying worn finger and starts
to hurt
the last screen is logic logic
tasks in this game you have to
break your head find interesting
riddles that will help embody your
friendship with your mates and on show
what are you cool and erudite here
There is a whole set of different puzzles on
various subjects and enough
complex and
with dirty tricks so let's see what
some problem for the feast problem with
dirty tricks one word and so here
it is necessary to make up these letters
certain word but it is not
interesting let's see this
puzzle trick as birthdays
have an average person and
let's see the answer one day
birth happens once a year i.e.
three hundred and sixty five days that is
think about the meaning of the term birthday in
general, some get the result from
average person total
one birthday is the date of his appearance on
light here is such a catch in fact
when I read this riddle will you voice
probably think what so much
man will live his days
birth is actually one person
only one birthday in life happens
the second time can not be born in general
puzzles a whole lot of different tasks
read do not re-read guessing not perry
guessing on this for today all all
thank you very much for your attention
was the gameplay subscribe to the channel
put your fingers up and wait for new ones
reviews